docs(dialog): web-first (#4846)
digdir/designsystem: apps/www/app/content/components/dialog/en/code.mdx

<Story story="Preview" defaultOpen/>

## Usage

The main class name is `ds-dialog`, which is placed on the `<dialog>` element.

> Blocks inside the dialog are given class names like `ds-dialog__block`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blocks inside the dialog are given the class name `ds-dialog__block`.
```

```html
<dialog class="ds-dialog">
  Content
</dialog>

> <!-- with division -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- with dividers -->
```
Ingen matematikk her
